[ao] fixing tutorials (#2140)
pytorch/tutorials: prototype_source/fx_graph_mode_quant_guide.rst

**Author**: `Jerry Zhang <https://github.com/jerryzh168>`_

FX Graph Mode Quantization requires a symbolically traceable model.
We use the FX framework (TODO: link) to convert a symbolically traceable nn.Module instance to IR,
and we operate on the IR to execute the quantization passes.
Please post your question about symbolically tracing your model in `PyTorch Discussion Forum <https://discuss.pytorch.org/c/quantization/17>`_

Quantization will only work on the symbolically traceable parts of your model.

> Data dependent control flow (if statements / for loops etc using symbolically traced values) are one common pattern which is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data dependent control flow—if statements / for loop, and so on using symbolically traced values—are one common pattern which is not supported.
```
